
The main class of the project is in PointLocation class. It has read() method which basically can read from the Input.txt file in teh folder. it then uses the co-ordinates to make it into lines using the built in Line 2D class. and inserts into a Binary Tree by using the insert() method which goes to the MyTreeNode class, where there is also a insert method. 
This method basically checks if the line is intersects with the parent node, which means it intersects with the parent, so it finds the segments of that line and adds if to the leftChild and rightChild accordingly.
If it does not intersects it calls ccw() method which checks if the line is on the left or right of the root and then adds to the left or right child respectively.
To check for Queey points. There is a Query method which takes in the Query.txt text file. In that you can use write the Query points. That method then calls into the MyTreeNode class, where those points are made into a line. This means that if the line intersects with any of the lines in the Binary Tree, it means that those points are not in the same region. Hence, similarly like the insert method, it checks if the line intersects and if not it recurses to the left or right child depending on where the line is in relation to the parent node calling the ccw method.
There is also methods for finding the external nodes and also the average path length.

The pointLocation class extends the Jpanel. by using the lines already taken in the ArrayList, it then adjusts the co-ordinates of the lines for the java plotting, and plots the graph, as it would be in the normal graph. 
To find the Query point, the MouseListener is used. Therefore the to get the first point the mouse is clicked on the graph and then dragged and released on the other Query Point. Hence, it then takes in those co-ordinates adjust them back from the Java co-ordinates and then sends it back to the Query () method to find if it intersects. Therefore the color of the line that goes between also turns blue.
